For my Milestone pg solution, I created a header struct that contains a vector of records, among
other metadata (i.e. where my free space starts and where my free space ends in the page). 
The record struct contains the beginning and end locations (in bytes) of each record's information 
in the page, as well as a flag (u8) to indicate if the record had been deleted or not. I add the data
for records starting from the bottom of the page, and the corresponding pointer to this information in
the header, which is an implementation that we discussed in class. The space between where my header ends
and where the data for the last record I just inserted begins, is the "free space". When I delete a record,
I shift over the data from all the records above it by the deleted record's length of bytes, so that I can
perfectly fill in the gap that the deleted record created. With this implementation for delete, it is easy
to add new records to the page, because I can just add the new record's data on top of the last record's data,
and I don't have to worry about any remaining space between records that I am not using. In the header, I
keep track of the records' slot ids by their index position in the vector. When I add a new value, I replace
the first deleted record's information that I come across with the new record's information. This way, I can 
easily reuse the deleted vector's slot id, without having to actually keep track of a "slot id" declared variable,
so I can save header space. 

I spent a lot of time on this project. I started a day after it was assigned, and worked on it (nearly) every day 
until the day before the due date for at least 5 hours. I am submitting this project on Monday, and 2 days ago
I had decided to rewrite my entire project with new logic, because I realized I had taken up way too much header 
space. Despite all of this, and the very gruesome debugging, I was able to complete the project. But now I feel
exhausted, and we are getting assigned the next project tomorrow, along with a quiz and a homework, and I feel like
I might explode. I think this project could be improved by having clearer descriptions of the functions and 
explanations of the tests. Also, I spent so much time learning how to debug things in Rust, and I wish we were given
more guidance/resources for debugging skills.

My milestone is complete. Whenever I got stuck with logic, I would discuss logic strategies on a high level with my
friends Ishaan Singh, Andre Dang, and Sophie Veys :)